Expose scraping endpoint for prometheus metrics (#2321)
ACINQ/eclair: docs/Monitoring.md

    sampler = "random"
  }

> }```

Reviewer: Why did you change that? Just look at the result on github and see that it breaks the formatting: https://github.com/GoutamVerma/eclair/blob/prometheus_monitoring/docs/Monitoring.md

Please revert that and fix it line 71 as well.

Author: Now it's looks better
https://github.com/GoutamVerma/eclair/blob/prometheus_monitoring/docs/Monitoring.md

Your eclair node will start exporting monitoring data to Kamon.
You can then start creating dashboards, graphs and alerts directly on Kamon's website.

## Enabling monitoring with Prometheus

Kamon supports many other monitoring [backends](https://kamon.io/docs/latest/reporters/).
This can be useful for nodes that don't want to export any data to third-party servers.

Eclair currently supports exporting metrics to [Prometheus](https://kamon.io/docs/latest/reporters/prometheus/).
To enable monitoring with Prometheus, add the following to your `eclair.conf`:

```config
eclair.enable-kamon=true
kamon {
  prometheus {
    start-embedded-http-server = yes
    embedded-server {
      hostname = 0.0.0.0
      port = <port to expose to prometheus>
    }
  }
}
```
Note: By default kamon apm reporter will initialize when you enable kamon in eclair.conf. To disable kamon apm-reporter, add following to your `eclair.conf`
```disable
eclair.enable-kamon=true
kamon.modules {
  apm-reporter {
    enabled = false
  }
} 
```

You should then configure your Prometheus process to scrape metrics from the exposed http server. 

> * Download the Prometheus from [here](https://prometheus.io/download/).
> * Configure the `prometheus.yml` file present in prometheus repository and add following in it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download Prometheus [here](https://prometheus.io/download/).
* Add the following configuration to the `prometheus.yml` file (see the [Prometheus documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/) for more details)

```

```prometheus.yml
global:
  scrape_interval:     15s # By default, scrape targets every 15 seconds.

  # Attach these labels to any time series or alerts when communicating with
  # external systems (federation, remote storage, Alertmanager).
  external_labels:
    monitor: 'codelab-monitor'

# A scrape configuration containing exactly one endpoint to scrape:
# Here it's Prometheus itself.
scrape_configs:
  # The job name is added as a label `job=<job_name>` to any timeseries scraped from this config.
  - job_name: 'eclair'

    # Override the global default and scrape targets from this job every 5 seconds.
    scrape_interval: 5s

    static_configs:
      - targets: ['0.0.0.0:9090']

> ```

Reviewer: You haven't updated the PR to reflect this?

> After making changes in the prometheus.yml file, start Prometheus and check the status of Prometheus by `sudo systemctl status prometheus`. If it is actively running, you can visit the Prometheus web interface at a specified target in `prometheus.yml`.

Author: Yes, It will be more clear and easier for users.

> After making changes in the prometheus.yml file, start Prometheus and check the status of Prometheus by `sudo systemctl status prometheus`. If it is actively running, you can visit the Prometheus web interface at a specified target in `prometheus.yml`.

Reviewer: That sentence isn't remove in the current version of the PR, did you forget it?
